
Title: IPL fixture to be announced at 5:30 today; Delhi Capitals first games to be shifted
Date: February 22, 2024 14:44 IST
Link: https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/ipl-fixture-to-be-announced-at-530-today-delhi-capitals-first-games-to-be-shifted-9175108/
Full Content:
Delhi Capitals will not be playing their first two home fixtures at Arun Jaitely Cricket Stadium as the venue will not be ready to host the matches.
The Delhi & District Cricket Association (DDCA) has written a mail to the BCCI and the matches will be shifted to Pune and Cuttack, respectively. The IPL schedule will be announced later in the evening on Thursday.
The Indian Express has learned that the DDCA decided to move the fixture out of the venue as they will host 11 Women’s Premier League (WPL) matches within 13 days in the second leg of the tournament.
“Delhi’s first two games will be moved to Pune and Cuttack, we have informed the BCCI about it,” a DDCA official told The Indian Express.
“The reason is WPL. We will be hosting a total of 11 matches in two weeks and with IPL starting from March 22 the first IPL match in Delhi was supposed to take place on March 24, so we don’t have enough time to prepare pitches. The BCCI has agreed to shift the first two matches and has also given us some breathing space,” he said.
Even during the Ranji Trophy, the DDCA has struggled to find venues to host the matches. They had to shift three of their home matches so that they could prepare the pitches for the WPL.
Delhi’s match against Uttarakhand was moved to IS Bindra PCA Stadium from Roshanara Club after it was sealed by the DDA (Delhi Development Authority) after its lease expired in September last year. They have played their next two home matches against Baroda and Odisha at Palam and Jamia Millia Islamia University Cricket Ground.
“We have been struggling with the venues in this season. Out of four home matches, we have played one match at the Arun Jaitely Stadium. The matches against Baroda and Odisha were moved as we’re preparing pitches for the WPL and now we are facing the same issue with the IPL,” said the official.
The 17th edition of the IPL will be played in its entirety in India amidst the general elections, IPL chairman Arun Dhumal has told this newspaper. The league chairman also shared that the schedule of the first 15 days will be announced initially, while the roster for the remaining games shall be announced once the dates for the general elections are official.





Title: IND vs ENG Live Streaming, 4th Test: When and where to watch India vs England live?
Date: February 22, 2024 12:45 IST
Link: https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/ind-vs-eng-live-streaming-4th-test-when-and-where-to-watch-india-vs-england-live-9174845/
Full Content:
IND vs ENG 4th Test Live Streaming Details:  Pace spearhead Jasprit Bumrah’s absence is a concern but an assertive and adaptive India will have the edge against England’s seemingly depth-less ‘Bazball’ approach when the two sides clash in the potentially series-deciding fourth Test beginning on Friday.
Eyeing a 17th series win on the trot at home, India have been near invincible since the shock defeat to Alastair Cook’s England in 2012. After that, India have won a staggering 38 out of 47 Tests, and have lost just thrice (two each versus Australia and England) when challenges on home turf.
For the ‘Bazball’ inspired England, the win in Hyderabad has become a distant memory and a repeat of 2021 looks likely when India bounced back to win the four-Test series 3-1. The record 434-run thrashing in Rajkot has triggered criticism of England’s so-called aggressive ‘Bazball’ approach. It seems to have found a match in India after tasting success against New Zealand, South Africa and Pakistan and Australia to an extent.
When will India vs England, 4th Test, be played?
The fourth Test between the two teams will commence on Friday, February 23, 2024, at 9:30 AM IST.
Where will India vs England, 4th Test, be played?
The match will be played at the JSCA International Stadium Complex in Ranchi.
Where to watch India vs England, 4th Test, on TV?
The Sports 18 network will broadcast the India vs England Test series live in India.
Where to live stream, India vs England, 4th Test?
JioCinema will provide live streaming for the India vs England Test series on both its app and website.
Squads:
India Squad: Yashasvi Jaiswal, Rohit Sharma(c), Shubman Gill, Rajat Patidar, Sarfaraz Khan, Ravindra Jadeja, Dhruv Jurel(w), Ravichandran Ashwin, Kuldeep Yadav, Mohammed Siraj, Mukesh Kumar, Axar Patel, Srikar Bharat, Washington Sundar, Devdutt Padikkal, Akash Deep
England Squad: Zak Crawley, Ben Duckett, Ollie Pope, Joe Root, Jonny Bairstow, Ben Stokes(c), Ben Foakes(w), Rehan Ahmed, Tom Hartley, Mark Wood, James Anderson, Ollie Robinson, Daniel Lawrence, Gus Atkinson, Shoaib Bashir





Title: Watch: Sachin Tendulkar hits the ball with bat’s grip while playing cricket on street in Kashmir
Date: February 22, 2024  12:45 IST
Link: https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/watch-sachin-tendulkar-plays-cricket-on-street-in-kashmir-9174469/
Full Content:
Indian cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar is enjoying his trip to India’s northernmost state of Jammu and Kashmir. After viral clips of him being serenaded by fans with chants of “Saaachin… Saaachin” in an airplane, and him enjoying snowfall, Sachin posted a clip of himself playing a game of cricket on the street.
In the video posted by Sachin Tendulkar on his social media handles, Sachin can be seen walking up to people playing cricket on a street and asking: “Hum khelein? (Can I play as well?)”
He then starts batting and hitting the ball with his impeccable timing in a video he’s posted with the caption, “Cricket and Kashmir: A match in heaven.”.
While he mostly hits the ball straight by lofting it or driving it, there are a couple of unorthodox shots he indulges in for the sake of the starstruck onlookers.
Cricket & Kashmir: A MATCH in HEAVEN! pic.twitter.com/rAG9z5tkJV
— Sachin Tendulkar (@sachin_rt) February 22, 2024
https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
One of those shots is when he holds the bat upside down and hits the ball with the bat grip much to the amazement of the gathered fans.
Sachin then obliges the people gathered around him with a selfie.
He had also recently posted a video of him visiting a cricket bat making factory. Kashmir’s willow bats are particularly famous around the world with cricketers. He recollected during the visit how his sister had gifted him a Kashmir willow bat.
Reports said that the legendary India cricketer is visiting the state with his wife Anjali Tendulkar and daughter Sara Tendulkar.
He is said to have visited the Kaman Aman Setu, a bridge that connects India to Pakistan and was opened for the historic cross-LoC Karawan-e-Aman bus service between India and Pakistan.
Reports also noted that the Master Blaster spent time interacting with India’s armed forces members.




